[Autogenerated] Let's go to Amazon guard duty in the AWS web console
and generate some sample findings to see the kinds of things guard
duty can detect under Amazon guard duty.
Select, Get started, then enable guard duty.
Note that you can try out guard duty for 30 days under the free trial.
You can check this section to see how far along you are in your 30 day trial,
as well as the CloudTrail logs,
VPC flow logs and DNS logs that have been processed.
This helps give you an idea of how much data you'll be processing each
month so you can calculate the cost of guard duty.
Initially,
you won't have any findings because guard duty needs to establish a baseline
with a couple of weeks of normal activity in your account.
This will allow it to set up the machine learning models to detect any
anomalies that may happen and alert you of those events.
Let's go to guard duty settings and to generate some sample findings.
We can now go back to findings and see some examples of the
types of things that guard duty confined.
Note the different color coded icons indicating
severity you consort by severity type.
For example, all high severity findings, then add additional filter criteria.
Let's take a look at some of the sample findings.
For example,
here is an instance that is behaving in a manner that may
indicate it is being used to perform a DDOS attack.
Here's an instance that's receiving unauthorized attacks from a
certain type trying to guess the Rdp password.
Here's another potential ________ that's using Port 25
to communicate with a remote host.
Here's a recon finding where an instance is performing
outbound port scans against a remote host.
And here's an instance communicating with a known Bitcoin related I P address.
If you head over to lists,
you can customize guard duty with trusted I P lists
and threat lists under accounts.
If you're using AWS organizations,
you can add member accounts to your guard duty.
Monitoring guard duty is a very powerful tool to
easily leverage machine learning.
To establish baseline normal activity in your account and detect
anomalies to help you proactively respond to threats before they
escalate and affect your resource is congratulations.
You've seen how to make rules in laugh to protect your web applications as well
as how to leverage managed rules from the AWS marketplace.
We've discussed the protections you get from Shield Standard,
which is included with laugh as well as the additional features,
logging and support available when you subscribe to shield advanced.
Finally,
we reviewed the types of findings that guard duty can do provide as it monitors
and uses machine learning to detect anomalies in your account behavior and
allow you to detect and act on suspicious activity.
I hope you found this valuable and thank you for watching.
Be sure to continue working through the courses in this certification path,
and if you're studying for the exam, keep going, you can do it.